\" SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2014-2023 CERN
\" SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later
.TH JENS-UPDATE "1" "July 2013" "PUPPET-JENS" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
jens-update \- updates local environments and repositories
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jens-update
[\fIOPTION\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
This is the core tool of Jens. It basically refreshes the metadata
about available modules/hostgroups, the bare clones, the clones
of all the necessary branches and the generated environments.
.PP
This tool logs into /var/log/jens/jens-update.log by default.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR
Path to Jens' configuration file (defaults to /etc/jens/main.conf)
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-poll\fR
Force POLL mode, regardless of what's in the config file
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
display this help and exit
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
if OK,
.TP
2
if there's any problem with the configuration file,
.TP
3
if default directories validation fails,
.TP
20
if the metadata (repositories or environments) couldn't be refreshed,
.TP
30
if the bare and clone repositories couldn't be refreshed,
.TP
40
if the environments couldn't be refreshed,
.TP
50
if there's another instance of jens-update running.
.TP
51
if the locking process utterly failed.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Nacho Barrientos <nacho.barrientos@cern.ch>
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs directly on Github.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 CERN.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
jens-stats (1), jens-reset (1), jens-gc (1)
